ci(scripts): update release docs from CI covering all channels (#27471)
coder/coder: docs/install/kubernetes.md

[values.yaml](../../helm/coder/values.yaml)
file directly.

> We support four release channels: mainline, stable, and the Extended Support
> Releases (ESR and maintenance ESR) - read the

Reviewer: **(Coder Agents)** This says "four release channels" but then enumerates mainline, stable, ESR, and maintenance ESR — which doesn't match `releases/index.md` (Mainline, Stable, Security Support, ESR) and drops Security Support. Since this page only shows install pins for the four blocks below it, suggest dropping the count and just naming them, letting the Releases page own the full taxonomy:

```suggestion
We support multiple release channels - mainline, stable, ESR, and maintenance
ESR - read the
```

(The doc-check bot flagged this one too.)
